README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

 <!-- LOGO -->

  <img src="./src/assets/images/hotel-png-9.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

<!-- MAIN HEADING -->

  <h3><b>Hotel Booking System - Front-end</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [🚀 Back-end Link](#back-end)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- INTRO -->
# 📖 Hotel Booking System - Back-end <a name="about-project"></a>

> Hotel Booking System - Front-end is the front-end of an app designed where clients could make reservations for hotel rooms.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
1. React
2. Redux
3. CSS
4. JavaScript
5. Webpack

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://redux.js.org/">Redux</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3.org/">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.javascript.com/">JavaScript</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://webpack.js.org/">Webpack</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> - Add new Hotel Rooms.
> - Add new Hotel Room Categories.
> - Delete Hotel Room.
> - Make Reservations for Rooms.
> - View Rooms.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

### LIVE DEMO

> Watch [live](https://www.loom.com/share/445705ad5bd14ff9b62f77d877784b8a) demo of the app or visit the app [page](deployment.site.goes.here) to use the app.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- BACK END -->

### BACK END

> View the [Back-end](https://github.com/anyars-encarta/hotel-booking-back-end.git) part of the project here.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> To get a local copy of the project, use this link:
> 
```sh
cd hotel-booking-front-end
https://github.com/anyars-encarta/hotel-booking-front-end.git
```

<!-- SETUP -->
### Setup

To setup this project, run this command:

```sh
npm start
```
### Prerequisites

1. A Code Editor
2. Internet Connection
3. Git

<!-- INSTALL -->
### Install

Install this project with Iroko.

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
npm start
```
### Run tests
To test the project, execute the following command:
```sh
npm test
```
### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:
>1. GitHub Pages
>2. Render
>3. Any other hosting site

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->
## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Anyars Yussif**

- GitHub: [@anyars-encarta](https://github.com/anyars-encarta)
- Twitter: [@anyarsencarta](https://twitter.com/anyarsencarta)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anyars-yussif/)

👤 **Saheed (Akorede) Emiola**

- GitHub: [@Akorede3133](https://github.com/Akorede3133)
- Twitter: [@SaheedAkorede7](https://twitter.com/SaheedAkorede7)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/saheed-emiola-29091223b/)

👤 **Maurice (Olabisi) Coker**

- GitHub: [@coker2019](https://github.com/coker2019)
- Twitter: [@olabisi](https://twitter.com/olabisi)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maurice-coker-174b129b/)

👤 **Mozamel Jawad**

- GitHub: [@MozamelJawad](https://github.com/MozamelJawad)
- Twitter: [@mozameljawad](https://twitter.com/mozameljawad)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mozamel-jawad/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Add Conference Hall Reservations**
- [ ] **Add Recreational Center Reservations**
- [ ] **Cancel Reservations**
- [ ] **Change Reservations**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTION -->
## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!--SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> If you like this project, please give it some starts ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Special credit to [Murat Korkmaz](https://www.behance.net/muratk), the [author of the original design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/26425031/Vespa-Responsive-Redesign) on [behance.net](https://www.behance.net/) used in this project and [microverseinc](https://github.com/microverseinc) for the design materials.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQS -->
## ❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL) <a name="faq"></a>

- **How were the Linters utilised?**

  - The Linters (npx eslint "**/*.{js,jsx}" --fix and  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" --fix) were utilized with the help of resources provided by [@microverseinc](https://github.com/microverseinc).

- **What new features should be expected in the next release of the project?**

  - We are currently working on adding: 
    - **Add Conference Hall Reservations**
    - **Add Recreational Center Reservations**
    - **Cancel Reservations**
    - **Add payment system**
  


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add Kanban Board section to README file

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

 <!-- LOGO -->

  <img src="./src/assets/images/hotel-png-9.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

<!-- MAIN HEADING -->

  <h3><b>Hotel Booking System - Front-end</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [📝 Kanban Board](#kanban-board)
- [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [🚀 Back-end Link](#back-end)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- INTRO -->
# 📖 Hotel Booking System - Back-end <a name="about-project"></a>

> Hotel Booking System - Front-end is the front-end of an app designed where clients could make reservations for hotel rooms.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
1. React
2. Redux
3. CSS
4. JavaScript
5. Webpack

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://reactjs.org/">React</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://redux.js.org/">Redux</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3.org/">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.javascript.com/">JavaScript</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://webpack.js.org/">Webpack</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> - Add new Hotel Rooms.
> - Add new Hotel Room Categories.
> - Delete Hotel Room.
> - Make Reservations for Rooms.
> - View Rooms.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- KANBAN BOARD -->

### KANBAN BOARD

> View the [Kanban board](https://github.com/users/anyars-encarta/projects/3) for the project here.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

### LIVE DEMO

> Watch [live](https://www.loom.com/share/445705ad5bd14ff9b62f77d877784b8a) demo of the app or visit the app [page](deployment.site.goes.here) to use the app.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- BACK END -->

### BACK END

> View the [Back-end](https://github.com/anyars-encarta/hotel-booking-back-end.git) part of the project here.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> To get a local copy of the project, use this link:
> 
```sh
cd hotel-booking-front-end
https://github.com/anyars-encarta/hotel-booking-front-end.git
```

<!-- SETUP -->
### Setup

To setup this project, run this command:

```sh
npm start
```
### Prerequisites

1. A Code Editor
2. Internet Connection
3. Git

<!-- INSTALL -->
### Install

Install this project with Iroko.

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
npm start
```
### Run tests
To test the project, execute the following command:
```sh
npm test
```
### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:
>1. GitHub Pages
>2. Render
>3. Any other hosting site

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->
## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Anyars Yussif**

- GitHub: [@anyars-encarta](https://github.com/anyars-encarta)
- Twitter: [@anyarsencarta](https://twitter.com/anyarsencarta)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anyars-yussif/)

👤 **Saheed (Akorede) Emiola**

- GitHub: [@Akorede3133](https://github.com/Akorede3133)
- Twitter: [@SaheedAkorede7](https://twitter.com/SaheedAkorede7)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/saheed-emiola-29091223b/)

👤 **Maurice (Olabisi) Coker**

- GitHub: [@coker2019](https://github.com/coker2019)
- Twitter: [@olabisi](https://twitter.com/olabisi)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maurice-coker-174b129b/)

👤 **Mozamel Jawad**

- GitHub: [@MozamelJawad](https://github.com/MozamelJawad)
- Twitter: [@mozameljawad](https://twitter.com/mozameljawad)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mozamel-jawad/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Add Conference Hall Reservations**
- [ ] **Add Recreational Center Reservations**
- [ ] **Cancel Reservations**
- [ ] **Change Reservations**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTION -->
## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!--SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> If you like this project, please give it some starts ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->
## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

> Special credit to [Murat Korkmaz](https://www.behance.net/muratk), the [author of the original design](https://www.behance.net/gallery/26425031/Vespa-Responsive-Redesign) on [behance.net](https://www.behance.net/) used in this project and [microverseinc](https://github.com/microverseinc) for the design materials.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQS -->
## ❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL) <a name="faq"></a>

- **How were the Linters utilised?**

  - The Linters (npx eslint "**/*.{js,jsx}" --fix and  npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" --fix) were utilized with the help of resources provided by [@microverseinc](https://github.com/microverseinc).

- **What new features should be expected in the next release of the project?**

  - We are currently working on adding: 
    - **Add Conference Hall Reservations**
    - **Add Recreational Center Reservations**
    - **Cancel Reservations**
    - **Add payment system**
  


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
